README.md, before:

# LeetCode Solutions by Latif

This repository contains solutions to LeetCode problems, implemented in Python. Each solution is accompanied by unit tests to ensure correctness.

## Table of Contents
- [Arrays & Hashing](#arrays--hashing)
- [Stack](#stack)
- [Two Pointers](#two-pointers)
- [Binary Search](#binary-search)
- [Sliding Window](#sliding-window)
- [Linked Lists](#linked-lists)
- [Trees](#trees)
- [Tries](#tries)
- [Backtracking](#backtracking)
- [Heap / Priority Queue](#heap-priority-queue)
- [Graphs](#graphs)
- [1D Dynamic Programming](#dynamic-programming-1D)
- [Intervals](#intervals)
- [Greedy](#greedy)
- [Advanced Graphs](#advanced-graphs)
- [2D Dynamic Programming](#dynamic-programming-2D)
- [Bit Manipulation](#bit-manipulation)
- [Math & Geometry](#math--geometry)
- [Implementation of Data Structures](#implementation-of-data-structures)

## Arrays & Hashing
1. [Contains Duplicate](./__001__contains_duplicate.py) - [Unit Tests](./__001__contains_duplicate_unittest.py)
2. [Valid Anagram](./__002__valid_anagram.py) - [Unit Tests](./__002__valid_anagram_unittest.py)
3. [Two Sum](./__003__two_sum.py) - [Unit Tests](./__003__two_sum_unittest.py)
4. [Group Anagrams](./__004__group_anagrams.py) - [Unit Tests](./__004__group_anagrams_unittest.py)
5. [Top K Frequent Elements](./__005__top_k_frequent_elements.py) - [Unit Tests](./__005__top_k_frequent_elements_unittest.py)
6. [Product of Array Except Self](./__006__product_except_self.py) - [Unit Tests](./__006__product_except_self_unittest.py)
7. [Longest Consecutive Sequence](./__007__longest_consecutive_sequence.py) - [Unit Tests](./__007__longest_consecutive_sequence_unittest.py)
8. [Encode and Decode Strings](./__008__encode_decode.py) - [Unit Tests](./__008__encode_decode_unittest.py)
9. [Valid Sudoku](./__009__valid_sudoku.py) - [Unit Tests](./__009__valid_sudoku_unittest.py)

## Stack
10. [Valid Parentheses](./__010__valid_parenthesis.py) - [Unit Tests](./__010__valid_parenthesis_unittest.py)
11. [Min Stack](./__011__min_stack.py) - [Unit Tests](./__011__min_stack_unittest.py)
12. [Evaluate Postfix Expression](./__012__evaluate_post_fix.py) - [Unit Tests](./__012__evaluate_post_fix_unittest.py)

## Two Pointers
13. [Valid Palindrome](./__013__valid_palindrome.py) - [Unit Tests](./__013__valid_palindrome_unittest.py)
14. [Container With Most Water](./__014__most_water_container.py) - [Unit Tests](./__014__most_water_container_unittest.py)
15. [Three Sum](./__015__three_sum.py) - [Unit Tests](./__015__three_sum_unittest.py)

## Binary Search
16. [Binary Search](./__016__binary_search.py) - [Unit Tests](./__016__binary_search_unittest.py)
17. [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](./__017__min_rotated_array.py) - [Unit Tests](./__017__min_rotated_array_unittest.py)
18. [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](./__018__search_rotated_array.py) - [Unit Tests](./__018__search_rotated_array_unittest.py)
19. [Search a 2D Matrix](./__019__search_2D_matrix.py) - [Unit Tests](./__019__search_2D_matrix_unittest.py)

## Sliding Window
20. [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](./__020__buy_sell_stock.py) - [Unit Tests](./__020__buy_sell_stock_unittest.py)
21. [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](./__021__longest_substring.py) - [Unit Tests](./__021__longest_substring_unittest.py)
22. [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](./__022__longest_repeating_character.py) - [Unit Tests](./__022__longest_repeating_character_unittest.py)
73. [Min Window Substring](./__073__min_window_substring.py) ([Unit tests](./__073__min_window_substring_unittest.py))

## Linked Lists
23. [Reverse Linked List](./__023__reverse_linked_list.py) - [Unit Tests](./__023__reverse_linked_list_unittest.py)
24. [Merge Two Sorted Lists](./__024__merge_2_sorted_lists.py) - [Unit Tests](./__024__merge_2_sorted_lists_unittest.py)
25. [Linked List Cycle](./__025__has_cycle_linked_list.py) - [Unit Tests](./__025__has_cycle_linked_list_unittest.py)
26. [Reorder List](./__026__reorder_linked_list.py) - [Unit Tests](./__026__reorder_linked_list_unittest.py)
27. [Remove Nth Node From End of List](./__027__remove_nth_node.py) - [Unit Tests](./__027__remove_nth_node_unittest.py)
28. [Merge k Sorted Lists](./__028__merge_k_sorted_lists.py) - [Unit Tests](./__028__merge_k_sorted_lists_unittest.py)

## Trees
29. [Invert Binary Tree](./__029__invert_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__029__invert_binary_tree_unittest.py)
30. [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](./__030__max_depth_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__030__max_depth_binary_tree_unittest.py)
31. [Diameter of Binary Tree](./__031__diameter_of_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__031__diameter_of_binary_tree_unittest.py)
32. [Same Tree](./__032__same_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__032__same_binary_tree_unittest.py)
33. [Subtree of Another Tree](./__033__subtree_of_another_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__033__subtree_of_another_tree_unittest.py)
34. [Balanced Binary Tree](./__034__balanced_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__034__balanced_binary_tree_unittest.py)
35. [Lowest Common Ancestor of a BST](./__035__lowest_common_ancestor_BST.py) - [Unit Tests](./__035__lowest_common_ancestor_BST_unittest.py)
36. [Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](./__036__level_order_traversal.py) - [Unit Tests](./__036__level_order_traversal_unittest.py)
37. [Validate Binary Search Tree](./__037__validate_binary_search_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__037__validate_binary_search_tree_unittest.py)
38. [Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](./__038__construct_tree_preorder_inorder.py) - [Unit Tests](./__038__construct_tree_preorder_inorder_unittest.py)
39. [Kth Smallest Element in a BST](./__039__k_th_smallest_element_BST.py) - [Unit Tests](./__039__k_th_smallest_element_BST_unittest.py)
40. [Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](./__040__binary_tree_max_path_sum.py) - [Unit Tests](./__040__binary_tree_max_path_sum_unittest.py)
41. [Binary Tree Right Side View](./__041__binary_tree_right_side_view.py) - [Unit Tests](./__041__binary_tree_right_side_view_unittest.py)

## Tries
42. [Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)](./__042__implement_trie_prefix.py) - [Unit Tests](./__042__implement_trie_prefix_unittest.py)
91. [Add and Search Word DS (Trie)](./__091__add_search_words_ds.py) - [Unit Tests](./__091__add_search_words_ds_unittest.py)
92. [Word Search II](./__092__word_search_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__092__word_search_II_unittest.py)

## Backtracking
43. [Generate All Permutations](./__043__generate_permutations.py) - [Unit Tests](./__043__generate_permutations_unittest.py)
44. [Number of Islands](./__044__nr_islands.py) - [Unit Tests](./__044__nr_islands_unittest.py)
45. [Subsets](./__045__subsets.py) - [Unit Tests](./__045__subsets_unittest.py)
46. [Combination Sum](./__046__combination_sum.py) - [Unit Tests](./__046__combination_sum_unittest.py)
47. [Combination Sum II](./__047__combination_sum_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__047__combination_sum_II_unittest.py)
48. [Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](./__048__letters_of_phone_numbers.py) - [Unit Tests](./__048__letters_of_phone_numbers_unittest.py)
49. [Word Search](./__049__word_search.py) - [Unit Tests](./__049__word_search_unittest.py)
50. [Subsets II](./__050__subsets_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__050__subsets_II_unittest.py)

## 1D Dynamic Programming
51. [Climbing Stairs](./__051__climbing_stairs.py) - [Unit Tests](./__051__climbing_stairs_unittest.py)
52. [House Robber](./__052__house_robber.py) - [Unit Tests](./__052__house_robber_unittest.py)
53. [House Robber II](./__053__house_robber_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__053__house_robber_II_unittest.py)
54. [Longest Palindromic Substring](./__054__longest_palindromic_substring.py) - [Unit Tests](./__054__longest_palindromic_substring_unittest.py)
55. [Coin Change](./__055__coin_change.py) - [Unit Tests](./__055__coin_change_unittest.py)
56. [Min Cost Climbing Stairs](./__056__min_cost_climbing_stairs.py) - [Unit Tests](./__056__min_cost_climbing_stairs_unittest.py)
57. [Word Break](./__057__word_break.py) - [Unit Tests](./__057__word_break_unittest.py)
58. [Palindromic Substrings](./__058__palindromic_substring.py) - [Unit Tests](./__058__palindromic_substring_unittest.py)
59. [Longest Palindromic Substring](./__059__longest_palindromic_substring.py) - [Unit Tests](./__059__longest_palindromic_substring_unittest.py)
89. [Max Product Subarray](./__089__max_product_subarray.py) - [Unit Tests](./__089__max_product_subarray_unittest.py)
90. [Decode Ways](./__090__decode_ways.py) - [Unit Tests](./__090__decode_ways_unittest.py)

## Bit Manipulation
60. [Reverse Bits](./__060__reverse_bits.py) - [Unit Tests](./__060__reverse_bits_unittest.py)
61. [Number of 1 Bits](./__061__nr_of_1_bits.py) - [Unit Tests](./__061__nr_of_1_bits_unittest.py)
62. [Single Number](./__062__single_number.py) - [Unit Tests](./__062__single_number_unittest.py)
74. [Missing Number](./__074__missing_number.py) - [Unit Tests](./__074__missing_number_unittest.py)
80. [Counting Bits](./__080__counting_bits.py) - [Unit Tests](./__080__counting_bits_unittest.py)
81. [Sum of Two Integers](./__081_sum_of_two_integers.py) - [Unit Tests](./__081_sum_of_two_integers_unittest.py)

## Heap / Priority Queue
63. [Kth Largest Element in a Stream](./__063__kth_largest_element_in_stream.py) - [Unit Tests](./__063__kth_largest_element_in_stream_unittest.py)
64. [Kth Largest Element in an Array](./__064__kth_largest_element_in_array.py) - [Unit Tests](./__064__kth_largest_element_in_array_unittest.py)
65. [Last Stone Weight](./__065__last_stone_weight.py) - [Unit Tests](./__065__last_stone_weight_unittest.py)
66. [Find Median from Data Stream](./__066__find_median_from_data_stream.py) - [Unit Tests](./__066__find_median_from_data_stream_unittest.py)

## Greedy
67. [Maximum Subarray](./__067__max_sum_subarray.py) - [Unit Tests](./__067__max_sum_subarray_unittest.py)
68. [Jump Game](./__068__jump_game.py) - [Unit Tests](./__068__jump_game_unittest.py)
69. [Jump Game II](./__069__jump_game_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__069__jump_game_II_unittest.py)

## Graphs
70. [Clone Graph](./__070__clone_graph.py) - [Unit Tests](./__070__clone_graph_unittest.py)
71. [Pacific Atlantic Water Flow](./__071__pacific_atlantic_water_flow.py) - [Unit Tests](./__071__pacific_atlantic_water_flow_unittest.py)
72. [Graph Valid Tree](./__072__graph_valid_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__072__graph_valid_tree_unittest.py)
75. [Course Schedule](./__075__course_schedule.py) - [Unit Tests](./__075__course_schedule_unittest.py)
76. [Number of Connected Components in an Undirected Graph](./__076__nr_connected_components_graph.py) - [Unit Tests](./__076__nr_connected_components_graph_unittest.py)

## Intervals
82. [Insert Interval](./__082__insert_interval.py) - [Unit Tests](./__082__insert_interval_unittest.py)
83. [Merge Intervals](./__083__merge_intervals.py) - [Unit Tests](./__083__merge_intervals_unittest.py)
84. [Non-overlapping Intervals](./__084__non_overlapping_intervals.py) - [Unit Tests](./__084__non_overlapping_intervals_unittest.py)
85. [Meeting Rooms](./__085__meeting_rooms.py) - [Unit Tests](./__085__meeting_rooms_unittest.py)
86. [Meeting Rooms II](./__086__meeting_rooms_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__086__meeting_rooms_II_unittest.py)

## 2D Dynamic Programming
87. [Unique Paths](./__087__unique_paths.py) - [Unit Tests](./__087__unique_paths_unittest.py)
88. [Longest Common Subsequence](./__088__longest_common_subsequence.py) - [Unit Tests](./__088__longest_common_subsequence_unittest.py)

## Math & Geometry
77. [Rotate Image](./__077__rotate_image.py) - [Unit Tests](./__077__rotate_image_unittest.py)
78. [Spiral Matrix](./__078__spiral_matrix.py) - [Unit Tests](./__078__spiral_matrix_unittest.py)
79. [Set Matrix Zeroes](./__079__set_matrix_zeros.py) - [Unit Tests](./__079__set_matrix_zeros_unittest.py)

## Implementation of Data Structures
00. [Binary Tree](./__000__binary_tree_implementation.py)
00. [Linked List](./__000__linked_list_implementation.py)
00. [Min Heap](./__000__min_heap_implementation.py)
00. [Trie](./__000__trie_implementation.py)
00. [Min Stack](./__011__min_stack.py)

Commit message:

Return the max area of all islands on a grid

README.md, after:

# LeetCode Solutions by Latif

This repository contains solutions to LeetCode problems, implemented in Python.
Each solution has unit tests to validate its functionality.

## Table of Contents
- [Arrays & Hashing](#arrays--hashing)
- [Stack](#stack)
- [Two Pointers](#two-pointers)
- [Binary Search](#binary-search)
- [Sliding Window](#sliding-window)
- [Linked Lists](#linked-lists)
- [Trees](#trees)
- [Tries](#tries)
- [Backtracking](#backtracking)
- [Heap / Priority Queue](#heap-priority-queue)
- [Graphs](#graphs)
- [1D Dynamic Programming](#dynamic-programming-1D)
- [Intervals](#intervals)
- [Greedy](#greedy)
- [Advanced Graphs](#advanced-graphs)
- [2D Dynamic Programming](#dynamic-programming-2D)
- [Bit Manipulation](#bit-manipulation)
- [Math & Geometry](#math--geometry)
- [Implementation of Data Structures](#implementation-of-data-structures)

## Arrays & Hashing
1. [Contains Duplicate](./__001__contains_duplicate.py) - [Unit Tests](./__001__contains_duplicate_unittest.py)
2. [Valid Anagram](./__002__valid_anagram.py) - [Unit Tests](./__002__valid_anagram_unittest.py)
3. [Two Sum](./__003__two_sum.py) - [Unit Tests](./__003__two_sum_unittest.py)
4. [Group Anagrams](./__004__group_anagrams.py) - [Unit Tests](./__004__group_anagrams_unittest.py)
5. [Top K Frequent Elements](./__005__top_k_frequent_elements.py) - [Unit Tests](./__005__top_k_frequent_elements_unittest.py)
6. [Product of Array Except Self](./__006__product_except_self.py) - [Unit Tests](./__006__product_except_self_unittest.py)
7. [Longest Consecutive Sequence](./__007__longest_consecutive_sequence.py) - [Unit Tests](./__007__longest_consecutive_sequence_unittest.py)
8. [Encode and Decode Strings](./__008__encode_decode.py) - [Unit Tests](./__008__encode_decode_unittest.py)
9. [Valid Sudoku](./__009__valid_sudoku.py) - [Unit Tests](./__009__valid_sudoku_unittest.py)

## Stack
10. [Valid Parentheses](./__010__valid_parenthesis.py) - [Unit Tests](./__010__valid_parenthesis_unittest.py)
11. [Min Stack](./__011__min_stack.py) - [Unit Tests](./__011__min_stack_unittest.py)
12. [Evaluate Postfix Expression](./__012__evaluate_post_fix.py) - [Unit Tests](./__012__evaluate_post_fix_unittest.py)

## Two Pointers
13. [Valid Palindrome](./__013__valid_palindrome.py) - [Unit Tests](./__013__valid_palindrome_unittest.py)
14. [Container With Most Water](./__014__most_water_container.py) - [Unit Tests](./__014__most_water_container_unittest.py)
15. [Three Sum](./__015__three_sum.py) - [Unit Tests](./__015__three_sum_unittest.py)

## Binary Search
16. [Binary Search](./__016__binary_search.py) - [Unit Tests](./__016__binary_search_unittest.py)
17. [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](./__017__min_rotated_array.py) - [Unit Tests](./__017__min_rotated_array_unittest.py)
18. [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](./__018__search_rotated_array.py) - [Unit Tests](./__018__search_rotated_array_unittest.py)
19. [Search a 2D Matrix](./__019__search_2D_matrix.py) - [Unit Tests](./__019__search_2D_matrix_unittest.py)

## Sliding Window
20. [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](./__020__buy_sell_stock.py) - [Unit Tests](./__020__buy_sell_stock_unittest.py)
21. [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](./__021__longest_substring.py) - [Unit Tests](./__021__longest_substring_unittest.py)
22. [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](./__022__longest_repeating_character.py) - [Unit Tests](./__022__longest_repeating_character_unittest.py)
73. [Min Window Substring](./__073__min_window_substring.py) ([Unit tests](./__073__min_window_substring_unittest.py))

## Linked Lists
23. [Reverse Linked List](./__023__reverse_linked_list.py) - [Unit Tests](./__023__reverse_linked_list_unittest.py)
24. [Merge Two Sorted Lists](./__024__merge_2_sorted_lists.py) - [Unit Tests](./__024__merge_2_sorted_lists_unittest.py)
25. [Linked List Cycle](./__025__has_cycle_linked_list.py) - [Unit Tests](./__025__has_cycle_linked_list_unittest.py)
26. [Reorder List](./__026__reorder_linked_list.py) - [Unit Tests](./__026__reorder_linked_list_unittest.py)
27. [Remove Nth Node From End of List](./__027__remove_nth_node.py) - [Unit Tests](./__027__remove_nth_node_unittest.py)
28. [Merge k Sorted Lists](./__028__merge_k_sorted_lists.py) - [Unit Tests](./__028__merge_k_sorted_lists_unittest.py)

## Trees
29. [Invert Binary Tree](./__029__invert_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__029__invert_binary_tree_unittest.py)
30. [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](./__030__max_depth_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__030__max_depth_binary_tree_unittest.py)
31. [Diameter of Binary Tree](./__031__diameter_of_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__031__diameter_of_binary_tree_unittest.py)
32. [Same Tree](./__032__same_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__032__same_binary_tree_unittest.py)
33. [Subtree of Another Tree](./__033__subtree_of_another_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__033__subtree_of_another_tree_unittest.py)
34. [Balanced Binary Tree](./__034__balanced_binary_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__034__balanced_binary_tree_unittest.py)
35. [Lowest Common Ancestor of a BST](./__035__lowest_common_ancestor_BST.py) - [Unit Tests](./__035__lowest_common_ancestor_BST_unittest.py)
36. [Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](./__036__level_order_traversal.py) - [Unit Tests](./__036__level_order_traversal_unittest.py)
37. [Validate Binary Search Tree](./__037__validate_binary_search_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__037__validate_binary_search_tree_unittest.py)
38. [Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](./__038__construct_tree_preorder_inorder.py) - [Unit Tests](./__038__construct_tree_preorder_inorder_unittest.py)
39. [Kth Smallest Element in a BST](./__039__k_th_smallest_element_BST.py) - [Unit Tests](./__039__k_th_smallest_element_BST_unittest.py)
40. [Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](./__040__binary_tree_max_path_sum.py) - [Unit Tests](./__040__binary_tree_max_path_sum_unittest.py)
41. [Binary Tree Right Side View](./__041__binary_tree_right_side_view.py) - [Unit Tests](./__041__binary_tree_right_side_view_unittest.py)

## Tries
42. [Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)](./__042__implement_trie_prefix.py) - [Unit Tests](./__042__implement_trie_prefix_unittest.py)
91. [Add and Search Word DS (Trie)](./__091__add_search_words_ds.py) - [Unit Tests](./__091__add_search_words_ds_unittest.py)
92. [Word Search II](./__092__word_search_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__092__word_search_II_unittest.py)

## Backtracking
43. [Generate All Permutations](./__043__generate_permutations.py) - [Unit Tests](./__043__generate_permutations_unittest.py)
44. [Number of Islands](./__044__nr_islands.py) - [Unit Tests](./__044__nr_islands_unittest.py)
45. [Subsets](./__045__subsets.py) - [Unit Tests](./__045__subsets_unittest.py)
46. [Combination Sum](./__046__combination_sum.py) - [Unit Tests](./__046__combination_sum_unittest.py)
47. [Combination Sum II](./__047__combination_sum_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__047__combination_sum_II_unittest.py)
48. [Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](./__048__letters_of_phone_numbers.py) - [Unit Tests](./__048__letters_of_phone_numbers_unittest.py)
49. [Word Search](./__049__word_search.py) - [Unit Tests](./__049__word_search_unittest.py)
50. [Subsets II](./__050__subsets_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__050__subsets_II_unittest.py)

## 1D Dynamic Programming
51. [Climbing Stairs](./__051__climbing_stairs.py) - [Unit Tests](./__051__climbing_stairs_unittest.py)
52. [House Robber](./__052__house_robber.py) - [Unit Tests](./__052__house_robber_unittest.py)
53. [House Robber II](./__053__house_robber_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__053__house_robber_II_unittest.py)
54. [Longest Palindromic Substring](./__054__longest_palindromic_substring.py) - [Unit Tests](./__054__longest_palindromic_substring_unittest.py)
55. [Coin Change](./__055__coin_change.py) - [Unit Tests](./__055__coin_change_unittest.py)
56. [Min Cost Climbing Stairs](./__056__min_cost_climbing_stairs.py) - [Unit Tests](./__056__min_cost_climbing_stairs_unittest.py)
57. [Word Break](./__057__word_break.py) - [Unit Tests](./__057__word_break_unittest.py)
58. [Palindromic Substrings](./__058__palindromic_substring.py) - [Unit Tests](./__058__palindromic_substring_unittest.py)
59. [Longest Palindromic Substring](./__059__longest_palindromic_substring.py) - [Unit Tests](./__059__longest_palindromic_substring_unittest.py)
89. [Max Product Subarray](./__089__max_product_subarray.py) - [Unit Tests](./__089__max_product_subarray_unittest.py)
90. [Decode Ways](./__090__decode_ways.py) - [Unit Tests](./__090__decode_ways_unittest.py)

## Bit Manipulation
60. [Reverse Bits](./__060__reverse_bits.py) - [Unit Tests](./__060__reverse_bits_unittest.py)
61. [Number of 1 Bits](./__061__nr_of_1_bits.py) - [Unit Tests](./__061__nr_of_1_bits_unittest.py)
62. [Single Number](./__062__single_number.py) - [Unit Tests](./__062__single_number_unittest.py)
74. [Missing Number](./__074__missing_number.py) - [Unit Tests](./__074__missing_number_unittest.py)
80. [Counting Bits](./__080__counting_bits.py) - [Unit Tests](./__080__counting_bits_unittest.py)
81. [Sum of Two Integers](./__081_sum_of_two_integers.py) - [Unit Tests](./__081_sum_of_two_integers_unittest.py)

## Heap / Priority Queue
63. [Kth Largest Element in a Stream](./__063__kth_largest_element_in_stream.py) - [Unit Tests](./__063__kth_largest_element_in_stream_unittest.py)
64. [Kth Largest Element in an Array](./__064__kth_largest_element_in_array.py) - [Unit Tests](./__064__kth_largest_element_in_array_unittest.py)
65. [Last Stone Weight](./__065__last_stone_weight.py) - [Unit Tests](./__065__last_stone_weight_unittest.py)
66. [Find Median from Data Stream](./__066__find_median_from_data_stream.py) - [Unit Tests](./__066__find_median_from_data_stream_unittest.py)

## Greedy
67. [Maximum Subarray](./__067__max_sum_subarray.py) - [Unit Tests](./__067__max_sum_subarray_unittest.py)
68. [Jump Game](./__068__jump_game.py) - [Unit Tests](./__068__jump_game_unittest.py)
69. [Jump Game II](./__069__jump_game_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__069__jump_game_II_unittest.py)

## Graphs
70. [Clone Graph](./__070__clone_graph.py) - [Unit Tests](./__070__clone_graph_unittest.py)
71. [Pacific Atlantic Water Flow](./__071__pacific_atlantic_water_flow.py) - [Unit Tests](./__071__pacific_atlantic_water_flow_unittest.py)
72. [Graph Valid Tree](./__072__graph_valid_tree.py) - [Unit Tests](./__072__graph_valid_tree_unittest.py)
75. [Course Schedule](./__075__course_schedule.py) - [Unit Tests](./__075__course_schedule_unittest.py)
76. [Number of Connected Components in an Undirected Graph](./__076__nr_connected_components_graph.py) - [Unit Tests](./__076__nr_connected_components_graph_unittest.py)
93. [Max Area Island](./__093__max_area_island.py) - [Unit Tests](./__093__max_area_island_unittest.py)

## Intervals
82. [Insert Interval](./__082__insert_interval.py) - [Unit Tests](./__082__insert_interval_unittest.py)
83. [Merge Intervals](./__083__merge_intervals.py) - [Unit Tests](./__083__merge_intervals_unittest.py)
84. [Non-overlapping Intervals](./__084__non_overlapping_intervals.py) - [Unit Tests](./__084__non_overlapping_intervals_unittest.py)
85. [Meeting Rooms](./__085__meeting_rooms.py) - [Unit Tests](./__085__meeting_rooms_unittest.py)
86. [Meeting Rooms II](./__086__meeting_rooms_II.py) - [Unit Tests](./__086__meeting_rooms_II_unittest.py)

## 2D Dynamic Programming
87. [Unique Paths](./__087__unique_paths.py) - [Unit Tests](./__087__unique_paths_unittest.py)
88. [Longest Common Subsequence](./__088__longest_common_subsequence.py) - [Unit Tests](./__088__longest_common_subsequence_unittest.py)

## Math & Geometry
77. [Rotate Image](./__077__rotate_image.py) - [Unit Tests](./__077__rotate_image_unittest.py)
78. [Spiral Matrix](./__078__spiral_matrix.py) - [Unit Tests](./__078__spiral_matrix_unittest.py)
79. [Set Matrix Zeroes](./__079__set_matrix_zeros.py) - [Unit Tests](./__079__set_matrix_zeros_unittest.py)

## Implementation of Data Structures
00. [Binary Tree](./__000__binary_tree_implementation.py)
00. [Linked List](./__000__linked_list_implementation.py)
00. [Min Heap](./__000__min_heap_implementation.py)
00. [Trie](./__000__trie_implementation.py)
00. [Min Stack](./__011__min_stack.py)
